Oh
photographer to led me to my tequila
mafia feet are all united state in my
Americas are more law duty to assess a
run and we certify Iraq in Afghanistan
our cumulative upon one or two Muhammad
Sawa Halloween outsell nearly 900 more
mas a CD of especially was a linear
factor in a mullet royal of animal Tomei
of July Billy Martin fan now take the
warmer wall of a 2d artists are more for
hello to my normal igloo final density
only 12 are more a la montagne or meter
meter anomaly faff tile favor filter
ilocos sur ma route to Panama Panama
Tallulah tourist on a multi aluminium of
- out of a formal ve or doors are more
messianic talofa troffer that world Oh
Bella Nina will our to Co photo so a
trophy manager
oh ma tomo owner will finally over to
elevate human realtor faith even we're
for America saga so fool greetings to
all our men and women in uniform all our
soldiers and sailors in the military
services of the United States from
Americans our walk and serving in Iraq
or elsewhere in the world I am here to
introduce to you a recording put
together especially for you it's called
tour of some more we hope you will enjoy
it this is a small way of saying thank
you for the job you are doing for all of
us and to voice our prayers for your
safe return
the CD contains songs of them of someone
we hope that it will serve as a way of
connecting you to all your friends
families to your country and we pray
that you will be coming
may God bless you all and keep you so
for I am Tony Ola - laughs oh no the
governor of our territory in American
Samoa
Oh